OK, so I was actually done with this chapter, with this, you know, lesson, but I just remembered
that there's actually one kind of bonus tip in technique I wanted to just throw in here as a little
extra gift.
So what this is going to be is a looping trailer, that it's kind of a cool, unique thing to do.
You know, it's almost like taking an Instagram boomerang to like the total upgrade next level.
So let's first start with duplicating our favorite thing to do here or a main sequence at 16 by nine.
This is just going to be the easiest way to demonstrate this process.
And I want to type this looping trailer.
So this is going to be like a 10 or 15 second looping video.
Now, what I want to look for, though, actually, let me open this up, OK?
Let me close the other sequences.
We don't need those anymore.
And what I'm going to be looking for is like the most exciting part of the edit, which this could arguably,
arguably, arguably be that.
So let's take these shots
and.
Yeah, let's take these and let's skew these to the front.
So we have boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom.
OK, now we have the most one of the most exciting parts of the edit.
Now let's take one of the most exciting, audible parts of the edit as well.
So let's take this part and let's delete what's in front of it, just like what we did on the visuals.
Let's go ahead, scoot over what we don't need.
OK, perfect, that actually synched up pretty dang well.
Now, what I'm going to do is just kind of get everything else pushed back so we can just focus on this
little mini trailer that we're doing now.
I'm going to lock off our audio track and I'm going to duplicate our video track.
And now.
What we have is kind of a Instagram boomerang on steroids.
Right, so I can even extend this track out.
Let's say we want to make this, I don't know, 40 seconds.
Or even loop right here, there's no real need to make it longer, but we can have it restart right
here.
So.
Let's do that.
Boom.
And making outpoint.
So effectively, we have this really cool looping visual kind of montage, but the track continues just
like you can hear.
And this is just kind of like a visual candy teaser that you can release, you know, before you release
a project or a video, is you take an exciting part and you loop it a bunch of times.
Now, let's do this one more time at a different part of the edit.
Let's go ahead to our second track.
So I'm just going to delete everything that's in front of it.
And we duplicated our sequence so we don't need to worry about deleting anything important here.
Let's go ahead and drag this over a little bit.
Let's go here, create an endpoint.
Let's just delete the rest of this and let's find which shots we want to use.
Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes.
OK.
Let's do that.
And let's remove the rest and put these all on the same track just so it's a little bit easier.
And we can kind of make these all the same color boom.
And I'm going to hold alt click and drag it over now.
Highlight both of them.
And now we have it repeating four times.
You can drag over our audio.
Take off the volume, key frames.
Go to the end, create an outpoint and see what we did.
It's.
OK, perfect.
So right before the instrumentals change, right about here would be perfect to create an outpoint so
that it loops just this part.
So just like on Facebook or Instagram on the news feed, there's an auto play function and auto looping
function.
This is a really cool teaser trailer, like I mentioned, that you can take what you've already done
and drop a video before getting people excited leading up to the launch of your project, of your demo
reel, and just kind of get the whole thing, get people more hyped up about it.
So I hope you enjoy this extra tip and I will see you in the next video lesson.